
# Agenda

## Hackathon - 1 October

### 9:00 Doors Open

### 9:30 - 12:30 Hack
### 12:30 Lunch
### 1:00 - 5:00 Hack
### 5:00 Done

## Interim Day 1 - 2 October

### 9:00 Doors Open

### 9:30 Administrivia (Chairs)
* Blue Sheets
* Logistics
* Goals
* Agenda Bash

### 9:45 Interop Readout (Mike English, Mathis)

### 10:00 FETCH Use Cases (30 minutes) - Alan
* Review issues and use cases
* Do we know what problem(s) weâ€™re solving?
* Is anything missing?

### 10:30 Short Break (15 minutes)

### 10:45 FETCH Proposals, with clarifying questions (90 minutes)
* Luke
* Will
* Suhas

### General Discussion (Balance of time to lunch)

### 12:30 Lunch

### 1:30 Updates from Lunch discussions

### 1:45 FETCH Discussion

### 3:15 Break

### 3:30 Catalog Design Team Readout (Will)

### 4:30 Prewarming MoQ Tracks (Suhas)

### 5:00 Done

## Interim Day 2 - 3 October

### 9:00 Doors Open

### 9:30 Administrivia (Chairs)
* Agenda Rebash
* FETCH is the highest priority, will punt other topics if FETCH requires more time

### 9:45 Review FETCH PR(s) - PR Authors

### 10:45 Break

### 11:00 Priorities Clarification (Victor)
* Priorities with Subgroups
* Removing min(object-priority-within-track) from the algorithm

### 12:30 Lunch

### 1:30 Track Namespace + Name merge (Will)

### 2:00 Object ID Proposal (Victor)

### 3:00 SUBSCRIBE_DONE (Ian)

### 3:45 Wrap Up, Next Steps, Future Interims

### 4:00 Done

## Parking Lot
* General MoQT Issue Discussion
* Present the use-case and a request for common open-source relay code to be developed.
* Do we need stream per track after FETCH?
* RST_STREAM and STOP_SENDING - when to send and what do they mean?
* Review SUBSCRIBE_NAMESPACE
  * Should we replace it with a special track?
* DDoS/Security
* Auth
